Data science is seeing widespread adoption in business today.
A 2020 survey by the analyst firm Cognilytica,
revealed that nearly 90 percent of respondents indicated that they will have some sort
of in-progress artificial intelligence implementation within the next two years.
That said, knowing just how to implement data science is critical.
According to McKinsey in 2019,
86 percent of executives say their organizations have been at best,
only somewhat effective at meeting
the primary objective of their data and analytics programs.
Including more of one-quarter of whom say that these programs have been ineffective.